# Burp Clickbandit
- Burp Clickbandit makes it quicker and easier to test for clickjacking vulnerabilities. 
- This is when an attack overlays a frame on a decoy website to trick a user into clicking on actionable content. 
- Clickbandit enables you to create an attack to confirm that this vulnerability can be successfully exploited. 
- You use your browser to perform actions on a website, then Clickbandit creates an HTML file with a clickjacking overlay.
- Burp Clickbandit runs in your browser using JavaScript. It works on all modern browsers except for Edge.

# Note
- Exercise caution when running Burp Clickbandit on untrusted websites. 
- Malicious JavaScript from the target site can subvert the HTML output that is generated by Burp Clickbandit.

# Setting up Burp Clickbandit
- Follow these steps to set up a Clickbandit attack:
- Go to the top-level Burp menu and select Burp Clickbandit.
- Click Copy Clickbandit to clipboard to copy the Clickbandit script.
- In your browser, visit the web page that you want to test.
- In your browser, open the developer console. 
- This might be called Developer tools or JavaScript console.
- Paste the Clickbandit script into the developer console, and press enter.
- The Clickbandit banner appears at the top of the browser window.

# Running an attack
- To run a clickjacking attack using Burp Clickbandit:
- Click Start to load the website.
- Click around the site, mimicking the actions that a victim user might perform. This is recorded by Clickbandit.
- Click Finish to complete your attack.
- The target page handles clicks in the normal way. To disable this, select Disable click actions.
- To avoid frame busters, select Sandbox iframe. This adds the sandbox attribute to the iframe.

# Reviewing an attack
- Once you have completed the attack, you can review the attack UI overlaid on the original page UI. 
- Click the buttons on the attack UI to check that the attack works.

- The following commands are available:
- Toggle transparency - Show or hide the original page UI.
- Reset - Restore the attack
- Save - Save the attack in an HTML file. This can be used as a real-world exploit of the clickjacking vulnerability.
- Use the + and - buttons to zoom in and out.
- Use your keyboard arrow keys to reposition the attack UI.
